User Story / Gameplay
    Describe the gameplay
        1. On a board divided by a "net"
        2. two players each have a paddle on opposite sides of the board
        3. each paddle is controled by keyboard events
        4. a "ball" object moves from one side to the other
        5. if the ball collides with one paddle, it reverses direction and increases speed
        6. if the ball does not collide with the paddle,
            a. it relocates at the paddle of the opposite player 
            b. after a 2 second delay
            c. and the score of the opposite player increases by 1
        7. When either score reaches 11, the game ends.
    What are the conditions when the game begins?
        1. both paddles are centered on the y axis
        2. the ball begins moving across the board
        3. both scores are 0
    Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
        The game ends when the score of one player = 11
    What ifs will there be?
        1. if the ball collides with one paddle, it reverses direction and increases speed
        2. if the ball does not collide with the paddle  
            a. it leaves the board and game pauses  
            b. the score of the opposite player increases by 1
            c. checks the score to see if the end game condition has been met
        3. if the end game condition has been met, ends game
        4. if the end game condition has not been met, 
        5. and if the mouse is clicked, the ball is relocated to the opposite paddle and begins moving 
        

Visual Game Components:
    What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
        1. board
        2. paddle Left
        3. paddle right
        4. "ball"
        5. score boxes
    Which will be static? (the board)
        1. only the board will truly be static
        2. however, the score boxes will be static, but the content will change
    Which will be animated? (the box)
        1. both paddles will be animated, but move only on the y axis
        2. the "ball" will move on both axes
    What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
        1. paddleLPositionY
        2. paddleLSpeedY
        3. paddleRPositionY
        4. paddleRSpeedY
        5. ballPositionX
        6. ballPositionY
        7. ballSpeedX
        8. ballSpeedY

Events / Logic
    What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
        1. an update function to redraw the ball and paddles
        2. a pause function to pause the timer when the ball leaves the board
        3. key down events for both paddles
        4. key up events for both paddles
        5. mouse click function to begin / pause the game

    How do those events affect the data of the program?
        1. the update function would change the position of the ball and paddles
        2. the pause function would change the timer
        3. the key up and key down events would change the speed of the paddles
        4. the mouse click would change the progression of the timer

    For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
        1. if the mouse is clicked, the timer will start and the update function will run
        2. if the down key is pressed, the Right paddle will move down until it reaches the bottom of the board
        3. if the down key is release, the Right paddle will stop moving.
        4. if the S key is pressed, the Left paddle will move down until it reaches the bottom of the board
        5. if the S key is pressed, the Left paddlw will stop moving.
        5. if the up key is pressed, the Right paddle will move up until it reaches the top of the board
        6. if the up key is released, the Right paddle will stop moving.
        7. if the W key is pressed, the Left paddle will move up until it reaches the top of the board.
        8. if the W key is released, the Left paddle will stop moving.

